#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==5.3.0
    # via streamlit
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via favicon
blinker==1.8.2
    # via streamlit
cachecontrol==0.14.0
    # via firebase-admin
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via streamlit
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cramjam==2.8.3
    # via fastparquet
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via pyjwt
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
entrypoints==0.4
    # via streamlit-extras
faker==26.2.0
    # via streamlit-faker
fastparquet==2024.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
favicon==0.7.0
    # via markdownlit
firebase-admin==6.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via fastparquet
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
google-api-core[grpc]==2.19.1
    # via
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.140.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-auth==2.32.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==2.17.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==2.18.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.1
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.65.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
htbuilder==0.6.2
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-annotated-text
    #   streamlit-extras
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.7
    # via requests
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lxml==5.2.2
    # via markdownlit
markdown==3.6
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markdownlit==0.0.7
    # via streamlit-extras
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.9.1.post1
    # via streamlit-faker
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.3.0
    # via htbuilder
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via cachecontrol
numpy==2.0.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   fastparquet
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   fastparquet
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   fastparquet
    #   streamlit
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via streamlit-extras
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
protobuf==4.25.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-extras
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via firebase-admin
pymdown-extensions==10.9
    # via markdownlit
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   faker
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via pymdown-extensions
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   cachecontrol
    #   favicon
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   streamlit
rich==13.7.1
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
st-annotated-text==4.0.1
    # via streamlit-extras
st-theme==1.2.3
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit==1.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-theme
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-card
    #   streamlit-embedcode
    #   streamlit-extras
    #   streamlit-faker
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
    #   streamlit-option-menu
    #   streamlit-toggle-switch
    #   streamlit-vertical-slider
streamlit-camera-input-live==0.2.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-card==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-embedcode==0.1.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-extras==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   streamlit-faker
streamlit-faker==0.0.3
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-image-coordinates==0.1.9
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-keyup==0.2.4
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-option-menu==0.3.13
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-toggle-switch==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-vertical-slider==2.5.5
    # via streamlit-extras
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via streamlit
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==0.12.1
    # via altair
tornado==6.4.1
    # via streamlit
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   streamlit
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
validators==0.33.0
    # via streamlit-extras
watchdog==4.0.1
    # via streamlit
